hi ladies is Kayla and i'm coming to you
with an outfit of the day this is a
different outfit of the day typically
that i am on youtube i am no
professional i do work for working
office like I've known office and tons
of responsibilities and at my job like
the dress code is really really really
relaxed we got a shot at my pants
anyways it's really really relaxed and
so we like I could really wear jeans
like in time the week but typically i
don't so i want to do a look at the day
and just showing you guys what i can
wear to work because they're gonna show
my other outfit songs are you going out
but the thing is that during the wink
you know I go to work Monday through
Friday 925 and so I wanted everyone to
see what I we're not this morning I
actually have a meeting at the starbucks
near my job with one of our clients and
so this is actually what I'm wearing to
their it's super hot but I do wear black
majority of the time so I just not
bother me does not bother me like that I
was like scorching heat but cool thing
is what my outfit that I can't take my
jacket off when I get into work if I
choose to so it's not a big deal so let
me get started my faith I keep it very
painful work I can definitely jazz it up
if i want to buy typically don't work
because if i have to go talk to tech
guys in a warehouse or from having to
look at some other things I have to go
end out there and burning time so I
don't like to wear a lot of makeup but
um so foundation concealer brush my
eyebrows of course are aligned and
mascara and that's all I do my hair I do
really
curl and I typically have my hair curled
like this all the time I'll switch it up
it something really going somewhere or
do like stuff like spritz up the curls a
lot more but not what I'm going to work
today i'm wearing these yellow earrings
and I have them in my one of my outfit
of the day videos and I got the fashion
store and everybody knows the guy said
loves yellow I think yellow such a nice
color to have a lot of yellow accessory
I think I'll pop of yellow to the pop of
color is great I have on this shirt and
I got this shirt from marshalls and
buckhead and it was only like um dickin
with $15 you can see it's got like the
slouchy material and when I saw it I was
like the shirt itself it's not a sure
good I would wear by itself but
underneath something I was definitely
wearing of what I do with it on top of
it I have this new jacket and honest I
got the jacket from wet seal for
twenty-five dollars and it's an extra
large and it does buttons he set us
button up and it's made out of my cotton
the whole thing is cotton there's no
liner or anything in it I love wearing
this kind of jacket to work because um
it's a little bit more relaxed it's not
like my boyfriend jackets because my
boyfriend jacket get me really really
hot and I don't like to be really honest
unless I have to like go to the country
club because our my boss's wife works a
lot how their meetings there from once a
touch of color of activity would I would
have worn a boyfriend jacket over this
but since I'm not then I just wore this
comp 1 and s half sleeve and it has a
little funky little collar which I
really like it I don't really
I don't wear a lot of Jerry when I go to
work today click link link and on some
stuff but I do dress a lot more funkier
than anyone else in the office I am a
just war three silver bangle and I got
the silver bangles from my local supply
store and to actually have on a pair of
dress pants but they're like they stop
at the ankle and they're swimming there
like spinning down to the ankle so i'll
give you guys the whole shot of it and
when you guys a view of the shoe which
clearly belle of the ball okay these are
the shoes I'm wearing today I got these
from nine when they were like seventy
dollars they got really thick heel
really big platform as I got these in at
ten and a half because it really fit
really well the love is were too big so
I was I can't even tell where i'm
basically we're in to charge or work so
like the bottom relieves in myself and
I've had it for a long time you tell i'm
weird a lot because this hat lenders
kind of crunching up on top but i like
it really cute shoes it was like I was
at church and work so yeah that's
basically it you guys don't follow my
blog please all my blog and if you guys
don't follow me on Twitter please follow
me on Twitter and
um how a great day